CSS Margins
The CSS margin properties are used to create space around elements, outside of any defined borders.

With CSS, you have full control over the margins. 
There are properties for setting the margin for each side of an element (top, right, bottom, and left).

MARGIN- INDIVIDUAL SIDES

CSS has properties for specifying the margin for each side of an element:

margin-top
margin-right
margin-bottom
margin-left

All the margin properties can have the following values:

auto 	- 	the browser calculates the margin
length 	- 	specifies a margin in px, pt, cm, etc.
% 	- 	specifies a margin in % of the width of the 				containing element
inherit - 	specifies that the margin should be inherited from the 		parent element

Tip: Negative values are allowed.

All CSS MARGIN PROPERTIES
Property	Description
margin		A shorthand property for setting all the margin 		properties in one declaration
margin-bottom	Sets the bottom margin of an element
margin-left	Sets the left margin of an element
margin-right	Sets the right margin of an element
margin-top	Sets the top margin of an element

Margin - Shorthand Property
To shorten the code, it is possible to specify all the margin properties in one property.

The margin property is a shorthand property for the following individual margin properties:

margin-top
margin-right
margin-bottom
margin-left
So, here is how it works:

If the margin property has four values:

margin: 25px 50px 75px 100px;
top margin is 25px
right margin is 50px
bottom margin is 75px
left margin is 100px

If the margin property has three values:

margin: 25px 50px 75px;
top margin is 25px
right and left margins are 50px
bottom margin is 75px

If the margin property has two values:

margin: 25px 50px;
top and bottom margins are 25px
right and left margins are 50px

If the margin property has one value:

margin: 25px;
all four margins are 25px

NOTE:You can set the margin property to AUTO to horizontally center the element within its container.

Margin Collapse
Top and bottom margins of elements are sometimes collapsed into a single margin that is equal to the largest of the two margins.

This does not happen on left and right margins! Only top and bottom margins!