Introduction to SQL

SQL is a standard language for accessing and manipulating databases.

What Can SQL do?
>SQL can execute queries against a database
>SQL can retrieve data from a database
>SQL can insert records in a database
>SQL can update records in a database
>SQL can delete records from a database
>SQL can create new databases
>SQL can create new tables in a database
>SQL can create stored procedures in a database
>SQL can create views in a database
>SQL can set permissions on tables, procedures, and views

What is SQL SELECT Statement?
It is used to select data from database.
Ex: SELECT email, phonenumber, salary FROM Employees
Ex: SELECT * FROM Employees
The above SQL statement selects all the columns from the "Employees" table.

RDBMS
------
RDBMS stands for Relational Database Management System.

>RDBMS is the basis for SQL, and for all modern database systems 
such as MS SQL Server, IBM DB2, Oracle, MySQL, and Microsoft Access.

>The data in RDBMS is stored in database objects called tables. 
>A table is a collection of related data entries and 
it consists of columns and rows.
>Every table is broken up into smaller entities called fields. 
>A field is a column in a table that is designed to maintain specific information about every record in the table.
>A column is a vertical entity in a table that contains all information associated with a specific field in a table.
>A record, also called a row, is each individual entry that exists in a table. A record is a horizontal entity in a table.

Database Tables
---------------
A database most often contains one or more tables. Each table is identified by a name (e.g. "Customers" or "Orders"). 
Tables contain records (rows) with data.

SQL Statements
--------------
Most of the actions you need to perform on a database are done with SQL statements.

The following SQL statement selects all the records in the "Customers" table.

Ex:
SELECT * FROM Customers;

NOTE:Semicolon after SQL Statements?
Some database systems require a semicolon at the end of each SQL statement.