What is "Unique constraint"?
--------------------------
>The UNIQUE constraint ensures that all values in a column are different.
>Both the UNIQUE and PRIMARY KEY constraints provide a guarantee for uniqueness for a column or set of columns.
>However, you can have many UNIQUE constraints per table, but only one PRIMARY KEY constraint per table.

What is "Primary key"?
--------------------
		>The PRIMARY KEY constraint uniquely defines each record in a table.
		>Primary keys must contain UNIQUE values, and cannot contain NULL values.
		>A table can have only ONE primary key.
		>Primary key can consist of single or multiple columns (fields).
		>A PRIMARY KEY constraint automatically has a UNIQUE constraint.
		>The table with the primary key is called the "referenced or parent table".

What is "Foreign key"?
--------------------
	>The FOREIGN KEY constraint is used to prevent actions that would destroy links between tables.
	>A FOREIGN KEY is a field (or collection of fields) in one table, that refers to the PRIMARY KEY in another table.
	>The table with the foreign key is called the "child table".

What is the difference between Unique key, Primary key & Foreign key?
------------------------------------------------------------------
	>A primary key is used to ensure data in the specific column is unique. 
	>A foreign key is a column or group of columns in a relational database table that provides a link between data in two tables.
	>Unique key uniquely identifies a record in the relational database table.
What is schema?
--------------
>In a SQL database, a schema is a list of logical structures of data. 
>A database user owns the schema, which has the same name as the database manager.
>A schema is an individual entity (container of objects) distinct from the user who constructs the object.

What is user? 
-------------
	A User allows you to log into a SQL Server database and is mapped to a Login.
	So you will need to first create a Login, before you can create a User in SQL Server.
	
What is difference between schema and user?
	A schema is collection of database objects, including logical structures such as tables, views, sequences, stored procedures, synonyms,  indexes, clusters, and database links. A user owns a schema. 
	A user and a schema have the same name. The CREATE USER command creates a user.
	
What is sequence?
	A sequence is a user defined schema bound object that generates a sequence of numeric values. Sequences are frequently used in many databases because many applications require each row in a table to contain a unique value and sequences provides an easy way to generate them.
	
What is trigger?
	A trigger is a special type of stored procedure that automatically runs when an event occurs in the database server. DML triggers run when a user tries to modify data through a data manipulation language (DML) event. DML events are INSERT, UPDATE, or DELETE statements on a table or view

How  to create a Table?
Syntax: CREATE TABLE table_name (
    column1 datatype,
    column2 datatype,
    column3 datatype,
   ....);
Example: CREATE TABLE employees(
			employee_id integer,
			first_name varstring,
			last_name varstring);
How to alter a Table?

----------------------
WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN DROP AND TRUNCATE?

>In SQL, the DROP command is used to remove the whole database or table indexes, data, and more. 
>Whereas the TRUNCATE command is used to remove all the rows from the table
--------------------------
WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN COMMIT AND ROLE BACK?

>The COMMIT statement lets a user save any changes or alterations on the current transaction. These changes then remain permanent. 
>The ROLLBACK statement lets a user undo all the alterations and changes that occurred on the current transaction after the last COMMIT.
--------------------------
How to alter Sequence?

HOW  TO CREATE SEQUENCE?

WHAT IS THE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN TRIGGER AND SEQUENCE?